You may see someone posted a video in any video sharing website/sofware that he let you to send a har file/cookies to his docs/discord server.
and congratulations you just got beamed by him!

back to the point.

What is cookie? *
-A cookie is a piece of data from a website that is stored within a web browser that the website can retrieve at a later time. Cookies are used to tell the server that users have returned to a particular website.
(the easiest way to tell is cookie can let you accept your victim account without his password/username/2fa code)




How to i get roblox cookie? *
-there alot of methods to get cookie.The easiest way to check/get your cookie is install Editthiscookie (https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/editthiscookie/fngmhnnpilhplaeedifhccceomclgfbg?hl=en)





How to login account using cookie? *
-if you wanna try it on yourself
1.Make two account (one will be the "beamer" and "victim")

2.Make sure you already login to the "victim" account.

2.Open up editthiscookie by pressing the extension tap in top right and hit the cookie icon,

4.you will see something call ROBLOSECURITY, hit it and copy the value. (WARNING-DO-NOT-SHARE....)

5.Make sure do not logout and change the password of the "victim" account or the cookie will refreshed and you will lost your beams.

6.Login your "beamer" account using a different gmail. (if you only got one gmail,make one then)

7.Go to your "beamer" account and replace the ROBLOSECURITY value to your "victim" value.

8.press the lock beside the value bar and you will see it turn to green.

9.check/tick the box down below. (that one show green color)

10.refresh your page and you just logged in.





but this is only for YOURSELF,you cant login your victim using its due to IP detection
-here is how you cookielog your victim.

1.get your victim cookie by using methods.If you dont got one,check the methods I shared.

2.Once you get the cookie,make sure your victim and you won't logout his account and changed password.

3.Go to https://story-of-jesus.xyz/iplockbypass  , input your cookie and hit bypass.

4.Copy the cookie you bypassed and replace the value for your beamer account

5.refresh and you got in.





Roblox methods safety
-if you had seen someone offer or share a phishing link generator/phishing link dont be a retard rlly did what they want

Phishing link generator
what is this?
-A phishing website is a domain similar in name and appearance to an official website. They're made in order to fool someone into believing it is legitimate
(if sum1 sent you a roblox link,make sure the link domain start with https://web.roblox.com or https://roblox.com)
(if sum1 sent you a phishing link generator,keep in mind,the generator may get dualhooked and if you get hits/logs,your hits also will sent to the owner who offer you the generator (Not all phishing link generator)





You had learn most kind of guide about roblox beaming
(make sure use a alt everytime during beam)


leave a star for our github.TY





